Remove dev kit (#1522)
OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-samples: Samples/excel-custom-functions-sync/README.md

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (the latest LTS version). Visit the [Node.js site](https://nodejs.org/) to download and install the right version for your operating system. To verify if you've already installed these tools, run the commands `node -v` and `npm -v` in your terminal.
- Microsoft Office connected to a Microsoft 365 subscription. You might qualify for a Microsoft 365 E5 developer subscription through the [Microsoft 365 Developer Program](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/dev-program), see [FAQ](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/developer-program/microsoft-365-developer-program-faq#who-qualifies-for-a-microsoft-365-e5-developer-subscription-) for details. Alternatively, you can [sign up for a 1-month free trial](https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/try?rtc=1) or [purchase a Microsoft 365 plan](https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/buy/compare-all-microsoft-365-products).

### Run the add-in

1. Open a Command Prompt, Terminal, or bash shell.
1. Run `npm install`.

> 1. Then the installation is finished, run `npm start`. A web server will launch and Excel will open. This may take several minutes.

Reviewer: Potential typo fix ("Then" -> "When"). Also including change to present tense here, ignore that part if you disagree.  
```suggestion
1. When the installation is finished, run `npm start`. A web server launches and Excel opens. This may take several minutes.
```

1. See [Use the sample add-in](#use-the-sample-add-in) for instructions about running the add-in.

> **Note**: It is important to uninstall the add-in completely after working with it. To do so, run `npm stop` in the same window that you ran `npm start`. Close Excel. We recommend that you [clear the office cache](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/clear-cache).

## Use the sample add-in

> 1. If the **Sync CF Sample** control group doesn't automatically appear on the Excel **Home** tab ribbon, select the **Add-ins** button on the **Home tab**. Select the add-in on the flyout that oopens. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If the **Sync CF Sample** control group doesn't automatically appear on the Excel **Home** tab ribbon, select the **Add-ins** button on the **Home tab**. Select the add-in on the flyout that opens. 
```
